c:\users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\Bin\Debug\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app.dll
c:\users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\Bin\Debug\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app.pdb
c:\users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\Bin\Debug\niths_wp7_fadderuke_app.xap
c:\users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\Bin\Debug\WP7CordovaClassLib.dll
c:\users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\obj\Debug\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app.g.resources
c:\users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\obj\Debug\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app.dll
c:\users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\obj\Debug\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app.pdb
c:\users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\Bin\Debug\www\stylesheets\common\fonts\US101.TTF
C:\Users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\Bin\Debug\www\stylesheets\common\images\ajax-loader.png
C:\Users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\Bin\Debug\www\stylesheets\gallery\error.gif
C:\Users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\Bin\Debug\www\stylesheets\gallery\icons@2x.png
C:\Users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\Bin\Debug\www\stylesheets\gallery\icons.png
C:\Users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\Bin\Debug\www\stylesheets\gallery\loader.gif
C:\Users\oyvind.odegard\documents\visual studio 2010\niths-win\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\niths-wp7-fadderuke-app\Bin\Debug\FlurryWP7SDK.dll
